    Write a simple program that converts the temperature in Celsius scale to Fahrenheit scale and vice versa using the basic concept of class and object. Make separate classes for Celsius and Fahrenheit which will have the private members that hold the temperature value and make conversion functions in each class for conversion from one to another. For example, you need to have a function toFahrenheit() in class Celsius that converts to Fahrenheit scale and returns the value.

    Assume that you want to check whether the number is prime or not. Write a program that asks for numbers repeatedly. When it finishes checking a number the program asks if the user wants to do another calculation. The response can be 'y' or 'n'. Don't forget to use the object-oriented concept.

    Create a class called carpark that has int data member for car id, int data member for charge/hour, and float data member for the parked time. Make functions to set data members and show the charges and parked hours of the corresponding car id. Make functions for setting and showing the data members. Member function should be called from other functions.

    Write a program with classes to represent a circle, rectangle, and triangle. Each class should have data members to represent the actual objects and member functions to read and display objects, find perimeter and area of the objects, and other useful functions. Use the classes to create objects in your program.

    Assume that an object represents an employee report that contains information like employee id, total bonus, total overtime in a particular year. Use an array of objects to represent n employees' reports. Write a program that displays the report. Use setpara() member function to set report attributes by passing the arguments and member function displayreport() to show the report according to the parameter passed. Display the report i n the following format.

An employee with ... ... ... has received Rs ... ... ...as a bonus

and

had worked ... ... ... hours as overtime in the year ... ... ...